What is KlippingDB.com ?
KlippingDB (meaning Clipping The Back Issues) is a social newsstand platform allowing registered users to publish back issues of any magazines, newspapers, or catalogs. It also allows publishers of free magazines (not-for-sale magazines) to publish and distribute their work on the platform. It's all free, we don't charge publishers anything.

Why KlippingDB was built?
In 2020, many magazine or newspaper publishers have been ravaged by the Coronavirus pandemic. Yes, it is bad ! In fact, many people have actually realized, that long ago since the invention of the internet, the trend of print media has been declining. It is another kind of epidemic, indeed!

What makes KlippingDB different than other publishing platforms such as Issuu, Scribd, Magzter, etc ?
Many startups have tried to reinvent the dying print medias by creating digital apps for mobile phones, tablets or desktop PCs. Unfortunately, they have done it totally wrong. It is very hard to read print magazines or newspapers on mobile phones or tablets, and even on desktop PCs. Digital magazines or newspapers should not be published on PDF file format, as it loads very slow, needs huge data to download each digital file, and makes the magazines / newspapers hard to read. We simply bring back the technology and UI design which work ! Making it possible for everyone to read newspapers or fashion magazines or other magazines / catalogs, by empowering the power of JPG image files, and proper user interface layouts, best designed for readers on desktop computers. In fact, our approach of usability perspective is nothing new, remember why Windows 8 didn't work ? Yes, it's that bad !

What you can do ?
Feel free to publish your free or backissue magazines with or without your print ads ! It doesn't matter if you are big publisher such as Vogue, New York Times, etc, or you're just a small publisher in countryside, or you're just someone who wants to be a publisher at the moment. You can help you by helping yourself survive the Internet-Killed-The-Media-Star trend !

What we have done so far ?
We have indexed and published 1,000 sample magazines, newspapers and catalogs from all around the world, so far, for demo and research purpose only. You can help us by further expanding the library, enabling people to get free access to information and freedom of expression in the digital era of print media.

Yours,
Alfredd Hitchcog
Just Another Guy From Asia - May 1st, 2020
The Death of Print Magazines : In the Middle of Coronavirus Pandemic, May I Propose A Vaccine Against This Other Kind of Epidemic ? Academia.edu, 2020, https://vt.academia.edu/klippingdbcom

slideshare : https://www.slideshare.net/AlfreddHitchcog/klippingdbcom-the-social-newsstand

youtube : The Death of Magazines vs The Future of Print Magazines https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srxreY-EVgg

email : alfredd.hitchcog@gmail.com
